Name: shout
Usage: shout message | it message | ! message
Aliases: shout ! it
SeeAlso: cshout alias
LastModifiedBy: CDay
LastModifiedDate: 2009/12/22
UserLevel: Player
Help:
LIMITED TO REGISTERED USERS

  Displays your message to all users who are open to hear shouts.  Returns
the number of users who heard your shout.  "Shout" has an alias of "!".

  Here is an example: if your handle is HANDEL and you type "shout This server
is great!", users will see the following message displayed --

	HANDEL shouts: This server is great!

You, as the sender, will see the following --

	HANDEL shouts: This server is great!
      (shouted to ## players)

where ## is the number of users who received the message.

  All users have a set shout quota, a limit on how many shouts can be made
within a given period of time.  Further details are given in the "shout_quota"
help file.


SPECIAL NOTES: 

  (a) Shouts must be in English.

  (b) Use "cshout" rather than "shout" for chess-related messages.

  (c) To contact just one user, use "tell".

  (d) If you want to contact a specific group of users, "tell" to a channel.

  (e) "It" and "shout" are similar.  Be familiar with their differences.

  (f) Do not abuse 'it' or 'shout'.  Abuse can result in sanctions being
imposed, typically being forcibly prevented from further (mis)use of shout.
See the "etiquette" and "shout_abuse" help files for guidelines.

  (g) You can decide whether or not to hear a "shout" from other users;
setting the "shout" variable to 0 (zero) filters these from being sent to you
("set shout off" or "set shout 0"). Setting your 'silence' variable to 1 will
achieve the same effect, together with filtering cshouts and channel tells,
while you are playing, examining or observing a game.

  (h) If what you want to do is have conversations with a lot of people, we
suggest that you use IRC -- a special internet process for conversations.  See
"irc_help" for details.

  (i) if you have an alias that goes something like "tell @ hi there", you can
substitute the '@' with a name or a channel (or with '.' and ',' to tell to
the last person or last channel you addressed). Sometimes it may be useful to
send the aliased tell to 'shout' or 'cshout', which can be done using 'tell !'
and 'tell ^'. Supposing your alias for the above example is 'hi', you can now
type 'hi !' to effectively shout "hi there".